Divide managing index page (#1432)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/indexes/search-performance-indexes/drop-indexes.adoc

:description: This page explains how to drop indexes used for search performance.
= Drop indexes

An index can be dropped (removed) using the name with the `DROP INDEX index_name` command.
This command can drop indexes of any type, except those backing constraints.
The name of the index can be found using the xref:indexes/search-performance-indexes/list-indexes.adoc[`SHOW INDEXES` command], given in the output column `name`.

////

> The below indexes are created in schema/indexes/create-indexes.adoc

Reviewer: If I looked correctly this should be the list of things actually created:
```
CREATE INDEX node_range_index_name FOR (n:Person) ON (n.surname);
CREATE INDEX rel_range_index_name FOR ()-[r:KNOWS]-() ON (r.since);
CREATE INDEX composite_range_node_index_name FOR (n:Person) ON (n.age, n.country);
CREATE INDEX composite_range_rel_index_name FOR ()-[r:PURCHASED]-() ON (r.date, r.amount);
CREATE INDEX range_index_param FOR (n:Person) ON (n.firstname);
CREATE TEXT INDEX node_text_index_nickname FOR (n:Person) ON (n.nickname);
CREATE TEXT INDEX rel_text_index_name FOR ()-[r:KNOWS]-() ON (r.interest);
CREATE TEXT INDEX text_index_param FOR (n:Person) ON (n.favoriteColor);
CREATE POINT INDEX node_point_index_name FOR (n:Person) ON (n.sublocation);
CREATE POINT INDEX rel_point_index_name FOR ()-[r:STREET]-() ON (r.intersection);
CREATE POINT INDEX point_index_param FOR ()-[r:STREET]-() ON (r.coordinate);
CREATE POINT INDEX point_index_with_config FOR (n:Label) ON (n.prop2) OPTIONS {
  indexConfig: {
    `spatial.cartesian.min`: [-100.0, -100.0],
    `spatial.cartesian.max`: [100.0, 100.0]
  }
};
CREATE INDEX example_index FOR (n:Book) ON (n.title);
CREATE TEXT INDEX indexOnBooks FOR (b:Label1) ON (b.prop1);
CREATE CONSTRAINT uniqueBookIsbn FOR (book:Book) REQUIRE (book.isbn) IS UNIQUE;
CREATE CONSTRAINT bookRecommendations FOR (book:Book) REQUIRE (book.recommend) IS NOT NULL;
```

(I have given individual comments on it below but since I have made the list I might as well post it)

[source, cypher, role=test-setup]
----

> CREATE INDEX node_range_index_name FOR (n:Person) ON (n.surname)

Reviewer: don't all of these need `;` at the end?

CREATE INDEX rel_range_index_name FOR ()-[r:KNOWS]-() ON (r.since)
CREATE INDEX composite_range_node_index_name FOR (n:Person) ON (n.age, n.country)
CREATE INDEX composite_range_rel_index_name FOR ()-[r:PURCHASED]-() ON (r.date, r.amount)

> CREATE INDEX $name FOR (n:Person) ON (n.firstname)

Reviewer: don't you need to set the parameter "name"? (or maybe just inline what it should be since I can see that the text and point parameter example indexes have the same parameter)
```suggestion
CREATE INDEX range_index_param FOR (n:Person) ON (n.firstname)
```

> CREATE INDEX node_range_index_name IF NOT EXISTS FOR (n:Person) ON (n.surname)

Reviewer: Since we have pre-existing indexes covering this the IF NOT EXISTS will ensure nothing happens so it can be removed from the setup

CREATE TEXT INDEX node_text_index_nickname FOR (n:Person) ON (n.nickname)
CREATE TEXT INDEX rel_text_index_name FOR ()-[r:KNOWS]-() ON (r.interest)

> CREATE TEXT INDEX $name FOR (n:Person) ON (n.favoriteColor)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CREATE TEXT INDEX text_index_param FOR (n:Person) ON (n.favoriteColor)
```

> CREATE TEXT INDEX node_index_name IF NOT EXISTS FOR (n:Person) ON (n.nickname)

Reviewer: Since we have pre-existing indexes covering this the IF NOT EXISTS will ensure nothing happens so it can be removed from the setup

CREATE POINT INDEX node_point_index_name FOR (n:Person) ON (n.sublocation)
CREATE POINT INDEX rel_point_index_name FOR ()-[r:STREET]-() ON (r.intersection)

> CREATE POINT INDEX $name FOR ()-[r:STREET]-() ON (r.coordinate)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CREATE POINT INDEX point_index_param FOR ()-[r:STREET]-() ON (r.coordinate)
```

> CREATE POINT INDEX node_point_index IF NOT EXISTS FOR (n:Person) ON (n.sublocation)

Reviewer: Since we have pre-existing indexes covering this the IF NOT EXISTS will ensure nothing happens so it can be removed from the setup

CREATE POINT INDEX point_index_with_config FOR (n:Label) ON (n.prop2) OPTIONS {
  indexConfig: {
    `spatial.cartesian.min`: [-100.0, -100.0],
    `spatial.cartesian.max`: [100.0, 100.0]
  }
}
CREATE LOOKUP INDEX node_label_lookup_index FOR (n) ON EACH labels(n)

> CREATE LOOKUP INDEX rel_type_lookup_index FOR ()-[r]-() ON EACH type(r)

Reviewer: On the previous page these had `role=test-skip` with the comment
```
// Lookup indexes exist by default, recreating them would raise an error
```
so I don't think you should add them here

> CREATE LOOKUP INDEX node_label_lookup IF NOT EXISTS FOR (n) ON EACH labels(n)

Reviewer: Since we have pre-existing indexes covering this the IF NOT EXISTS will ensure nothing happens so it can be removed from the setup

CREATE INDEX example_index FOR (n:Book) ON (n.title)
CREATE INDEX bookTitleIndex FOR (book:Book) ON (book.title)
CREATE TEXT INDEX indexOnBooks FOR (b:Label1) ON (b.prop1)
CREATE INDEX indexOnBooks FOR (book:Book) ON (book.numberOfPages)
CREATE CONSTRAINT uniqueBookIsbn FOR (book:Book) REQUIRE (book.isbn) IS UNIQUE
CREATE INDEX bookIsbnIndex FOR (book:Book) ON (book.isbn)
CREATE CONSTRAINT bookRecommendations FOR (book:Book) REQUIRE (book.recommend) IS NOT NULL

> CREATE INDEX bookRecommendations FOR (book:Book) ON (book.recommendations)

Reviewer: These come from failing examples so the failing parts of them should not be part of this setup (only the things that actually got created should be here)
```suggestion
CREATE INDEX example_index FOR (n:Book) ON (n.title)
CREATE TEXT INDEX indexOnBooks FOR (b:Label1) ON (b.prop1)
CREATE CONSTRAINT uniqueBookIsbn FOR (book:Book) REQUIRE (book.isbn) IS UNIQUE
CREATE CONSTRAINT bookRecommendations FOR (book:Book) REQUIRE (book.recommend) IS NOT NULL
```
